and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to Aaron to his sons and to all the
Aaron to his sons and to all the
Aaron to his sons and to all the children of Israel and say to them this
children of Israel and say to them this
children of Israel and say to them this is the thing which the Lord has
is the thing which the Lord has
is the thing which the Lord has commanded saying whatever man of the
commanded saying whatever man of the
commanded saying whatever man of the house of Israel who kills an ox or lamb
house of Israel who kills an ox or lamb
house of Israel who kills an ox or lamb or goat in the camp or who kills it
or goat in the camp or who kills it
or goat in the camp or who kills it outside the camp and does not bring it
outside the camp and does not bring it
outside the camp and does not bring it to the door of the tabernacle of meeting
to the door of the tabernacle of meeting
to the door of the tabernacle of meeting to offer an offering to the Lord before
to offer an offering to the Lord before
to offer an offering to the Lord before the tabernacle of the Lord the guilt of
the tabernacle of the Lord the guilt of
the tabernacle of the Lord the guilt of bloodshed shall be imputed to that man
bloodshed shall be imputed to that man
bloodshed shall be imputed to that man he has shed blood and that man shall be
he has shed blood and that man shall be
he has shed blood and that man shall be cut off from among his people to the end
cut off from among his people to the end
cut off from among his people to the end that the children of Israel may bring
that the children of Israel may bring
that the children of Israel may bring their sacrifices which they offer in the
their sacrifices which they offer in the
their sacrifices which they offer in the open field that they may bring them to
open field that they may bring them to
open field that they may bring them to the Lord at the door of the tabernacle
the Lord at the door of the tabernacle
the Lord at the door of the tabernacle of meeting to the priest and offer them
of meeting to the priest and offer them
of meeting to the priest and offer them as peace offerings to the Lord and the
as peace offerings to the Lord and the
as peace offerings to the Lord and the priest shall sprinkle the blood on the
priest shall sprinkle the blood on the
priest shall sprinkle the blood on the altar of the Lord at the door of the
altar of the Lord at the door of the
altar of the Lord at the door of the tabernacle of meeting and burn the fat
tabernacle of meeting and burn the fat
tabernacle of meeting and burn the fat for a sweet aroma to the Lord they shall
for a sweet aroma to the Lord they shall
for a sweet aroma to the Lord they shall no more offer their sacrifices to demons
no more offer their sacrifices to demons
no more offer their sacrifices to demons after whom they have played the harlot
after whom they have played the harlot
after whom they have played the harlot this shall be a statute forever for them
this shall be a statute forever for them
this shall be a statute forever for them throughout their generations also you
throughout their generations also you
throughout their generations also you shall say to them whatever man of the
shall say to them whatever man of the
shall say to them whatever man of the house of Israel or of the strangers who
house of Israel or of the strangers who
house of Israel or of the strangers who dwell among you who offers a burnt
dwell among you who offers a burnt
dwell among you who offers a burnt offering or sacrifice and does not bring
offering or sacrifice and does not bring
offering or sacrifice and does not bring it to the door of the tabernacle of
it to the door of the tabernacle of
it to the door of the tabernacle of meeting to offer it to the Lord that man
meeting to offer it to the Lord that man
meeting to offer it to the Lord that man shall be cut off from among his people
shall be cut off from among his people
shall be cut off from among his people and whatever man of the house of Israel
and whatever man of the house of Israel
and whatever man of the house of Israel or of the strangers who dwell among you
or of the strangers who dwell among you
or of the strangers who dwell among you who eats any blood I will set my face
who eats any blood I will set my face
who eats any blood I will set my face against that person who eats blood and
against that person who eats blood and
against that person who eats blood and will cut him off from among his people
will cut him off from among his people
will cut him off from among his people for the life of the flesh is in the
for the life of the flesh is in the
for the life of the flesh is in the blood and I have given it to you upon
blood and I have given it to you upon
blood and I have given it to you upon the altar to make atonement for your
the altar to make atonement for your
the altar to make atonement for your souls for it is the blood that makes
souls for it is the blood that makes
souls for it is the blood that makes atonement for the Soul
atonement for the Soul
atonement for the Soul therefore I said to the children of
therefore I said to the children of
therefore I said to the children of Israel no one among you shall eat blood
Israel no one among you shall eat blood
Israel no one among you shall eat blood nor shall any stranger who dwells among
nor shall any stranger who dwells among
nor shall any stranger who dwells among you eat blood whatever man of the
you eat blood whatever man of the
you eat blood whatever man of the children of Israel or of the strangers
children of Israel or of the strangers
children of Israel or of the strangers who dwell among you who hunts and
who dwell among you who hunts and
who dwell among you who hunts and catches any animal or bird that may be
catches any animal or bird that may be
catches any animal or bird that may be eaten he shall pour out its blood and
eaten he shall pour out its blood and
eaten he shall pour out its blood and cover it with dust for it is the life of
cover it with dust for it is the life of
cover it with dust for it is the life of all flesh it's blood sustains its life
all flesh it's blood sustains its life
all flesh it's blood sustains its life therefore I said to the children of
therefore I said to the children of
therefore I said to the children of Israel you shall not eat the blood of
Israel you shall not eat the blood of
Israel you shall not eat the blood of any flesh for the life of all flesh is
any flesh for the life of all flesh is
any flesh for the life of all flesh is its blood
its blood
its blood whoever eats it shall be cut off and
whoever eats it shall be cut off and
whoever eats it shall be cut off and every person who eats what died
every person who eats what died
every person who eats what died naturally or what was torn by beasts
naturally or what was torn by beasts
naturally or what was torn by beasts whether he is a native of your own
whether he is a native of your own
whether he is a native of your own country or a stranger he shall both wash
country or a stranger he shall both wash
country or a stranger he shall both wash his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be
his clothes and bathe in water and be unclean until evening then he shall be
unclean until evening then he shall be
unclean until evening then he shall be clean but if he does not wash them or
clean but if he does not wash them or
clean but if he does not wash them or bathe his body then he shall bear his
bathe his body then he shall bear his
bathe his body then he shall bear his guilt
guilt
guilt [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you